Hey, Mom.
I know it's been a little while
since the last time I was here.
I was hoping to have my life more together
before I came to see you again.
I guess that was just a pipe dream.
I figured I better come see you now
while I... still can.
I might not be able
to get here for a little while.
I got myself into a jam
over at the Applebee's.
The police got involved.
It's pretty much even odds
they lock me up.
They have this new thing now
called high-definition cameras.
You can see me clear as day
trying to drown this manager in this hot--
Just...
You don't need to know the details.
[poignant music plays]
I've been holding on these past few years.
Waiting for something
to finally go my way.
All it took was one asshole calling me
a loser to send me off the deep end.
Remember when you used to come
to my tournaments?
Everyone cheering my name.
Felt like the whole world was behind me.
Making you proud
was the... best feeling I ever had.
I never wanted that to end.
[poignant music continues]
After high school,
it's just been one loss after another.
No one rooting for me.
No one in my corner.
Nothing to be proud of.
Just a fuckup.
It's taken me a while to realize,
but I get it now.
The guy at Applebee's was right.
I am a loser.
The sooner I come to terms with that,
the better.
Because in life,
you don't get second chances, Mom.
[sniffs]
I'm sorry I let you down.
[poignant music continues]
[baby cries]
Hey. You're up early.
Yeah. I couldn't sleep.
Hm. Maybe that's where she gets it from.
[baby fusses]
Your turn.
[both chuckle]
- Hey.
- Oh, yes.
I am gonna take a shower.
All right.
[gentle music plays]
Hey.
Hey, sweetheart.
Daddy's got a big fight coming up.
A second chance.
This time, I can't blow it.
[gentle music continues]
- [tense music plays]
- [Johnny grunts]
[Daniel] Stay centered, Johnny.
Keep your balance.
[tense music continues]
Shit. Damn it.
Come at me harder.
[tense music continues]
Sorry, man.
I screwed it up.
What the hell is wrong with me?
[tense music continues]
[Johnny] Come on. Harder.
[Daniel] Focus, Johnny.
You gotta stay balanced, man.
[Johnny groans]
[tense music builds]
[Johnny yells]
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Let's take a break.
No. I can go on.
Daniel-san is right.
Need to conserve energy.
I haven't even gotten started.
All right. So this guy's tall.
Gonna start having to work
on my jump kicks.
All right. If it comes down to the wire,
you get into a charging stance.
[dramatic music plays]
I'm gonna run at him
with a flying tornado.
[yells]
Not bad.
It could knock him out.
But you're leaving yourself vulnerable.
You might wanna hang back,
let him come to you,
instead of trying to win it all
with one flashy kick.
Ha. Says the guy
who beat me with a flashy kick.
The crane kick only worked
because you ran straight into it.
You run right at Wolf, it's gonna be
like running into a buzz saw.
Yeah? I'm a buzz saw too.
Get the pads. Meet me outside.
[contemplative music plays]
Oh, must help him find balance.
Yeah, I was afraid
you were gonna say that.
Hi-yah! You fucker. Come on!
LaRusso, hold 'em tight.
I don't wanna knock you down.
- Did you get enough sleep last night?
- Yeah, I'm fine. Hold 'em up.
What the hell are you doing, man?
Pick up the damn pads.
- You gonna help me here or not, LaRusso?
- Hey.
You wanted me to be your sensei, right?
- The sensei knows when his student is off.
- [Johnny exhales]
So does a friend.
[exhales]
[gentle music plays]
Every fight I've ever gone into,
I always knew I was gonna win.
Even if I lost, it didn't matter
'cause I knew in my heart I could've won.
But Wolf, he's younger.
He's stronger.
No one's ever hit me harder.
Ever since '84, I always wanted a do-over.
Now that it's here,
I feel like it's some giant set-up
to label me a loser
for the rest of my life.
You're not a loser.
Yeah, yeah.
You remember Rocky?
Yeah. Look, I know you're
a big Rocky III and IV guy. Mr. T, Drago.
They're fun and all.
But to me, the OG is the best,
bar none.
You remember who won?
Rocky's training hard the whole movie.
And in the end, what happens?
He comes this close,
and he loses.
Does he feel bad?
Nah.
He went the distance.
It felt to him, to everyone, like he won.
He gets to hug the woman that he loves
because when the fight is over,
that's all that matters.
It's the same thing with you.
Whatever happens,
you got people around you
who care about you, man.
Present company included.
That's what makes you a winner.
- You're pretty good at this sensei shit.
- [Daniel] Good.
'Cause break's over.
[rock music plays]
♪ Try to be best
'Cause you're only a man ♪
♪ And a man's got to learn to take it ♪
♪ Try to believe
Though the going gets rough ♪
♪ That you gotta hang tough to make it ♪
♪ History repeats itself ♪
♪ Try and you succeed ♪
♪ Never doubt that you're the one ♪
♪ And you can have the dream ♪
♪ You're the best around ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna ever keep you down ♪
♪ Fight till you drop ♪
♪ Never stop, you can't give up ♪
- ♪ Until you reach the top ♪
- ♪ Fight! ♪
- ♪ You're the best in town ♪
♪ Listen to that sound ♪
♪ A little bit of all you've got
Can never bring you down ♪
♪ You're the best around ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna ever keep you down ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna ever bring you down ♪
♪ You're the best around ♪
- ♪ Nothing's gonna ever keep you down ♪
- ♪ Nothing ♪
- ♪ You're the best around ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna ever keep you down ♪
♪ You're the best ♪
[man] Whoo!
[upbeat music plays]
Johnny seems thoroughly exhausted.
He's passed out, snoring on the couch.
I guess training went well.
Wolf is always gonna have
the physical edge.
The edge we have is Johnny's confidence.
He's got that, and we have a shot.
♪ Don't dress it up, just... ♪
[Daniel] Thanks for cooking, Ma.
So, Miggy, do you wanna
tell everybody your big news?
Um, yes.
Uh, s-so I got into Stanford.
- What?!
- [Miguel] Yeah.
- Oh my God! That's... That's amazing!
- [Daniel] Good for you, Miguel.
Wow. So... So they saw your victory
and reached out?
No. No, no, no.
They accepted me while I was fighting.
I... I guess it was in my inbox
while I was on the mat.
They wanted him
for his hard work and character,
not just his badass karate skills.
- Thank you.
- [Daniel] Congratulations.
You got what you always wanted.
And you're getting what you wanted.
I guess it's a... happy high school ending
for the both of us.
Oh. I almost forgot.
I brought Samantha's graduation gift.
- What?
- No, Grandma. You didn't have to.
Ah, nonsense.
You get through high school,
you get a gift. That's how it works.
I don't know.
[gentle music plays]
[Sam] Oh, wow.
Grandma, that's beautiful.
Lucille, are you sure?
That... That must've cost a fortune.
Didn't cost me a penny.
Mr. Miyagi gave it to me.
Yeah, that's right.
It belonged to his mother.
When he had to leave Okinawa,
his father gave it to him to sell
in case he ever needed the money.
Mr. Miyagi didn't sell it.
It had too much sentimental value.
So when he got married,
he gave it to his wife.
And during the war,
she... she passed away at Manzanar,
at the internment camp.
And a guard stole it.
- It was terrible.
- Wait. So what did Mr. Miyagi do?
"Police are searching for the culprit
in a violent robbery and assault."
"Jim Watkins of Lodi
was hospitalized after a severe beating
and the theft of a valuable necklace."
He did what he needed to do.
He found the guard, and he took it back.
[exhales] I... I didn't know
he ever told you this story.
The guard attacked Mr. Miyagi,
so he had to knock
the bastard's lights out.
I guess there's always more to the story.
Before he passed away,
he asked me to give it to Samantha
when the time was right.
It feels right to me. [chuckles]
[gentle music continues]
[Lucille] Ah!
Let me see if Grandma can use her fingers.
Yeah. Beautiful.
Gorgeous! Look at you.
Mmm, I love you.
[gentle music continues]
[dramatic music plays]
[Gunther] Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome back
to the final tie-breaking match
to determine the grand champion
of this year's Sekai Taikai!
Here you go.
- Oh my God. This is so cool.
- The Tooth Fairy!
[girl] Thank you so much!
- Thank you so much!
- You're welcome.
My first autograph.
Mine too.
Something tells me it won't be your last.
Hi. I'm Julia with Icon Branding.
We represent a select group of athletes
for marketing and branding opportunities.
We would love to have you
as part of our team.
Is this a job offer?
A career offer.
And a very cool one at that.
We travel you to tournaments
where you compete,
put on demonstrations,
take photos, post on social.
That sort of thing.
That's just the base salary.
Tory, th-that's...
Life-changing.
You don't have to give me an answer now.
Show that to your lawyer.
Both of you.
Are you serious?
Absolutely. We saw what you did out there.
- [chuckles]
- [Julia] Injuries heal.
The world's gonna wanna see
the two of you competing together.
[uplifting music plays]
What?
[Robby laughing] Oh my God!
[music fades]
The red mats do look good.
- Look.
- [gasps] Hey.
I think we got off on the wrong foot.
I think it was your right foot.
Almost cracked my jaw.
I'm sorry about that.
But after what happened in Barcelona,
I wanted to make sure that the tournament
resumed without any issues.
But I'd like to make it up to you.
[exciting music plays]
- For real?
- Mm-hmm.
Welcome to the Sekai Taikai.
[laughs]
[music fades]
[Demetri] Whoa! Ooh!
Is this seat taken?
It... Yeah.
Yeah. Uh, no! No! I...
It's... It's not taken at all.
Unless you're saying
you'd like to reclaim it.
Yes, Demetri. Since my hand was on it,
that is what I'm saying.
Right. Yes.
So my apology's accepted?
Yes, all billions of them.
The flowers and the candy
were appreciated too.
You definitely got
a little full of yourself.
Mm-hmm.
But I've been there, so I get it.
You did the crime.
You've done your time.
I miss you.
I miss you too.
[rock music plays]
- Let's find somewhere more private.
- The fight's about to start.
- We're gonna miss all the action.
- No, you won't.
- [Yasmine laughs]
- Oh. Oh!
[music fades]
[Daryl] Ladies and gentlemen,
please take your seats.
The fight will commence shortly.
- [ominous music plays]
- You hear that sound?
That's the sound of your hometown crowd.
Everyone you know
is here to watch this match.
Hey, if you think you came here
to psych me out before the fight,
you got another thing coming.
[scoffs]
I'm not here to psych you out.
This is going to be easy.
I'm not gonna make it easy.
You know, I do admire your confidence,
especially in the face
of a humiliating defeat.
Whatever happens...
[exhales] ...I have my family,
I have my friends, and I have my students.
I'm already a winner, man.
[chuckles]
Well, that's half true.
After this fight,
your family will be there for you.
To console you.
To tell you
everything's gonna be all right.
To hold your hand
when you are carried out of here
on a stretcher.
But what they don't know
is how it actually feels
to lose a fight of this magnitude.
But you do.
'Cause you've been there.
You know what it's like on the other side.
And you know it's going to haunt you
for the rest of your life.
And with the cameras
and the coverage that this fight brings,
your family and friends,
well, they'll never forget.
[ominous music continues]
Even...
Even your little one.
She might not be aware now,
but the kids at school
will call her a loser.
Just like her father.
- [Wolf grunts]
- [Johnny groans]
[bones creak]
I could break you right now.
But we'll save it for the cameras.
[Johnny grunts]
[ominous music continues]
Not so confident now,
are we?
[ominous music continues]
[dramatic music plays]
Ladies and gentlemen,
boys and girls,
it's my honor and privilege to inform you
it's karate time.
[cheering]
- [bartender] There you go.
- Thanks.
[tense music plays]
You think Lawrence stands a shot
against this guy?
Nah. He's fucked. [chuckles]
You're probably right.
[Daryl] Today's tie-breaking sensei match
will determine which dojo
wins the Sekai Taikai.
And this time,
we're playing by the traditional rules
you know from the All Valley,
where three points wins.
First, we have the defending champions,
hailing from Hong Kong,
led by their sensei,
the youngest fighter
to ever win the Sekai Taikai.
He's undefeated in seven karate circuits.
He was born Feng Xiao,
but you might know him better
by another name.
Please welcome
Sensei... [howling] ...Wolf
and the Iron Dragons!
[cheering]
[dramatic music plays]
Where's Silver?
[Daryl] And fighting to dethrone them
is a dojo we all know well
here in the Valley.
Let's hear it
for the two-time All Valley champion
and his dojo.
- It's--
- [audience member] Cobra Kai!
[cheering]
[chuckles] Well, you heard it.
Please welcome the Valley's own
Cobra Kai!
[cheering]
Yeah!
Go, Cobra Kai!
Whoo!
I think I like Daniel in a black gi.
[dramatic music continues]
[crowd] Cobra Kai! Cobra Kai! Cobra Kai!
Cobra Kai! Cobra Kai!
Cobra Kai!
Led by their sensei, Johnny Lawrence!
[uplifting music plays]
[woman] Yeah!
[tense music plays]
- Whoo!
- [screaming]
[tense music continues]
Mr. Vidal. They're all yours.
[exhales slowly]
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Fighters, take your position.
[music fades]
I want a good, clean fight.
The whole world is watching.
Now, face me. Bow.
Face each other. Bow.
[tense music plays]
[Vidal] Ready?
Fight!
[Johnny grunts]
[tense music plays]
[Wolf] Is that all?
[tense music continues]
- [Johnny] Hi-yah!
- [Wolf laughs]
Come on.
[tense music continues]
- [Johnny groans]
- [crowd gasps]
[Vidal] Point, Wolf. 1-0.
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
[tense music continues]
Something's wrong.
I've never seen him like this.
It's like he's...
Afraid.
[Vidal] Ready?
[tense music continues]
Fight.
[Johnny] Hi-yah!
Come on, old man. Let's go.
[Johnny groans]
Hey.
No point. Illegal contact
to the back of the head.
My mistake.
Return.
Ready? Fight.
[Johnny] Hi-yah!
[Wolf] Pathetic.
[tense music builds]
[Johnny groans]
Oh, come on. That's bullshit.
That's gotta be illegal, right?
No point. Direct elbow to the mouth.
[tense music continues]
Next time, it's gonna be
a one-point deduction.
Well, I'll be more careful
next time, then.
I promise.
Time.
You're bleeding. Go to your corner.
[music fades]
[Vidal] Turn. Kneel.
Oi. You must control the fight.
Use angles to counter his attack.
I'm trying.
He's too fast. He's too strong.
Since when have you cared about that?
Let go of the pressure.
I told you. It doesn't matter if you win.
You just do your best.
Yeah, yeah.
[tense drumbeats]
Playtime's over.
Ready? Fight!
[tense music plays]
[Johnny groans]
[Vidal] Point.
[in Spanish] Don't worry.
Everything will be okay.
[in English] Wolf, 2-0.
[Daryl] One more point,
and the Iron Dragons
will be crowned Sekai Taikai champions.
[man] Come on, Johnny. Get up, man.
[Daniel] He's way off balance.
I'm not sure Miyagi-Do is gonna help.
Then try something else.
You know how his mind works, Daniel-san.
You are his sensei.
Wolf wants to obliterate him.
You must do something.
[suspenseful music plays]
Don't worry.
It'll be all over soon.
[Vidal] Fighters, take your line.
[suspenseful music continues]
[Vidal] Ready?
- Time!
- [Vidal] Time-out.
[exhales]
[breathing heavily]
Look, LaRusso, there's nothing
you can say.
This guy knows his shit.
He's on a whole other level.
What dojo are you fighting for?
[sighs] What?
[exciting music plays]
What dojo are you fighting for?
Cobra Kai.
And does defeat exist in your dojo?
Does it?
No.
Does fear exist in your dojo?
And I sure as shit know
that pain doesn't exist either.
So stop acting like a little pussy.
Get out there and kick
the living shit out of this asshole.
You hear me?
[exciting music builds]
Yes, Sensei.
[Vidal] Fighters, take your line.
[woman] Come on! Come on! Come on!
Ready?
Fight!
[exciting music plays]
Is that all you got?
[Johnny] Hi-yah!
[Johnny yells]
Point!
Yes!
- Oh, yes!
- Yes!
- Come on!
[Vidal] 2-1.
- Yeah! Come on!
- Yes!
Well, okay.
Okay.
[Vidal] Fighters, take your line.
Whoo!
[Devon] Come on, Sensei!
[Vidal] Ready?
Fight!
[dramatic music plays]
[Vidal] Break it up!
- [Johnny] Come on, man.
- Break it up! Break it up.
[tense music plays]
[Johnny] Hi-yah!
[Johnny groans]
[crowd gasps]
[crowd jeers]
[Vidal] No point. Knee to the side.
Come on, Johnny!
[tense music plays]
[Johnny] Hi-yah!
Point, Lawrence.
[cheering]
Yes, yes, yes!
Yes! Yeah!
Two to two.
- Holy shit! Did you see that?
- Yes!
[Daryl] Whoever gets the next point
will be our winner.
[Chozen] This is the last point,
Daniel-san, but Johnny looks tired.
Hey, time!
This is your last time-out.
Go to your sideline.
[quiet tense music plays]
Any gas left in tank?
Enough to kick his ass.
I like that you have your confidence back.
Remember what you learned at Miyagi-Do.
Trust me, you have to have balance.
Be careful. This guy is pissed.
So am I.
[suspenseful music plays]
[Vidal] Fighters, to your lines.
Next point wins.
No more delaying the inevitable.
Face me. Bow.
Face each other. Bow.
Ready?
[suspenseful music continues]
[epic music plays]
Fight!
[epic music continues]
[Johnny yells]
[music fades]
Point. Winner!
[screaming]
[uplifting music plays]
Yes!
[cheering]
- I told you!
- Yeah!
- He did it! He did it!
- Yes!
Come on.
[uplifting music continues]
[man] Yeah, Cobra Kai!
It's over?
We won! We won! We won!
[uplifting music continues]
[Wolf] Move!
[Robby laughs]
You kicked his ass, Dad.
- [uplifting music continues]
- [Johnny] Oh!
You did it, Sensei.
- [Daniel] Excuse me.
- Hey, man!
Nice move. You let him come to you.
I couldn't have done it without you.
You too.
- [Chozen speaks Japanese]
- [Johnny roars]
[uplifting music continues]
- All right.
- Shall we get him?
Come on!
Yeah!
That's my boy!
[crowd] Johnny! Johnny!
Johnny! Johnny! Johnny! Johnny!
Let me down. I need to see my girl.
Carmen.
Hey.
My husband, the world champion. [chuckles]
I love you so much.
I love you.
[gentle music plays]
Where's my baby?
Hey.
Oh. Nice work, Sensei.
Not a bad way to go out, huh?
Who the hell are you kidding?
You're always gonna be a sensei.
You love it. You're good at it.
And I wouldn't want it any other way.
[gentle music continues]
Ladies and gentlemen,
I present the grand trophy
to the winners
of this year's Sekai Taikai.
Now officially
the world's number one dojo,
Cobra Kai!
Yeah!
[rock music plays]
LaRusso.
Get over here.
[rock music continues]
You're all right, Lawrence.
- Yeah!
- [all] Cobra Kai! Cobra Kai!
Cobra Kai! Cobra Kai!
Cobra Kai! Cobra Kai! Cobra Kai!
♪ She's got a smile that it seems to me ♪
♪ Reminds me of childhood memories ♪
♪ Where everything was as fresh
As the bright blue sky ♪
[inaudible]
♪ Now and then when I see her face ♪
♪ She takes me away
To that special place ♪
♪ And if I stared too long
I'd probably break down and cry ♪
♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh, sweet child of mine ♪
♪ Ooh, oh, oh, whoa, oh
Sweet love of mine ♪
♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh, sweet child of mine ♪
♪ Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, sweet love of mine ♪
♪ Where do we go? ♪
♪ Where do we go now? ♪
- ♪ Oh, where do we go? ♪
- ♪ Where do we go? ♪
- ♪ Where do we go now? ♪
- ♪ Oh, where do we go now? ♪
♪ Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay
Oh, where do we go now? ♪
♪ Now, now, now, now, now, now, now ♪
♪ Sweet child ♪
♪ Of mine ♪
[poignant music plays]
[airport PA system] Flight 753
to Charles de Gaulle International is now...
[Amanda] I just love you
so much. [sniffles]
And you call me every day. Okay?
I don't care
if it's the middle of the night. Call me.
- I will.
- [Amanda] Every day.
[Amanda cries]
Believe it or not,
I'm really gonna miss you.
Me too.
I do have a private stash of Uncrustables
hidden in the garage freezer
that I was keeping from you.
Yeah, I already, uh, ate that
like six months ago.
Oh, you're such a jerk.
[poignant music continues]
[Daniel sighs]
Okay, kiddo. Okay.
- I just want--
- Dad, I... I know.
Don't worry. I'm gonna be safe.
Oh, I'm not worried about that.
But be safe.
[chuckles]
Look.
I know these last couple of years
weren't easy for you.
But you came out of it stronger than ever.
Don't get me wrong,
I'm always gonna be a little neurotic
because it's me being me.
- [all chuckle]
- [Daniel] Okay?
But I'm...
[poignant music continues]
I'm so proud of the person you've become.
And I'm... just gonna miss you so much.
[laughs]
I'm gonna miss you too, Dad.
Yeah. You better.
[inhales] Jersey tough?
Valley tough.
[poignant music continues]
Oh boy.
- All right. Okay.
- Okay.
Okay.
[Amanda sniffles]
[poignant music continues]
[airport PA system]
Good afternoon, passengers.
We are now boarding all zones
for flight 55 to Okinawa.
[Miguel] Sam!
[Sam] What?
What are you doing here?
Isn't this the way to Okinawa?
What? I thought you were driving
up to Stanford for the summer program.
Well, Stanford deferred me.
I can defer them a couple of weeks.
[inhales] I couldn't stop thinking about
how we never got to explore Barcelona,
and I thought
maybe I could help you get settled in.
Look, I... I know it's crazy,
and I know we're heading
our own separate ways soon, but...
Soon can wait a little longer.
Yeah.
[gentle music plays]
[Sam giggles]
[gentle music continues]
You're not wearing Mr. Miyagi's necklace.
What? Oh. Uh, yeah, that one's in my bag.
I just... I had another one
that I really wanted to wear today.
Come here.
[romantic music plays]
[woman] First day.
Guys, we're at capacity.
- Oh, come on!
- [Stingray] Yeah.
I saw this coming as well.
That's why we're opening up
a new location.
And your man, Sensei Stingray,
is gonna be teaching
a weekend class for beginners.
So start stretching, little man.
Hey. Hey, Baby Red. Eyes up here.
[rock music plays]
I know right now
you are the portrait of dejection,
but let me tell you something.
It's not gonna fly here at Cobra Kai.
You gotta be tough.
You gotta be able to persevere.
You have to be able
to look into the eyes of a dragon,
and with no weapon in hand,
with only your heart and your own will,
you have to--
[cell phone rings]
- Hey, Mom.
- [boy] Come on!
It is a bad time. I'm in the middle of--
Okay. Well, I'll get the dry cleaning
on the way home.
Can this wait a couple of hours? I'm--
Okay, fine. Stop yelling. I'm going.
[rock music continues]
[groans]
Mothers are not the enemy.
All right. Uh, I gotta go.
Official dojo business.
While you're waiting,
think about your life choices.
And do a hundred jumping jacks.
Wow.
They're listening to me.
[music stops]
I know for most of you,
this is your first day.
Honestly, it's been a while
since I taught here too.
The last time I was here,
I was trying to come to terms
with the words on this wall.
I learned firsthand,
if you live your whole life this way,
you'll turn into an asshole.
So I rejected it.
But what I found out later
is there is no one way.
If you wanna conquer life's obstacles
and be the best you can be,
you need to learn
more than one discipline.
That's why, in addition to Cobra Kai...
That's it. Side. Side.
[Johnny] ...you're all gonna
learn Miyagi-Do.
- You're gonna be taught defense.
- Left circle.
- [Johnny] And inner strength.
- Right circle.
[Johnny] From one of the best senseis
in the world.
Because aggression
isn't always the answer.
Sometimes, patience and defense
are the keys to winning.
But I can't teach you that.
'Cause my specialty is offense.
[rock music plays]
"Strike first."
It means be aggressive.
"Strike hard." It means give it your all.
"No mercy."
It means not being Mr. Nice Guy.
[rock music continues]
It's the hardest one to understand.
But the fact is, if you're too nice,
the world's gonna walk all over you.
A lot of you have been told
your whole life that you're special.
Well, that's about to change.
[rock music continues]
I'm talking to you, four-eyes. Good God.
Take those glasses off.
Get a cooler pair or get some contacts,
but I never want to see those
in this dojo again. Understand?
Yes.
- Do you understand?
- Yes, Sensei!
[rock music continues]
We do not train to be merciful here.
But I will bring out the best in you.
Miguel Diaz may be a world champion,
but when he first stepped foot
in this dojo, he was a total dork.
He was like this kid right here.
All right, maybe not as bad,
but the fact is,
Cobra Kai turned Miguel
from a beta duckling into an alpha swan.
So it doesn't matter
how much of a loser you are right now.
Give it time,
and I'll make a champion out of you.
All that matters
is you stop being weak little crybabies
and start being
the strongest versions of yourselves.
- Can you do that?
- [all] Yes, Sensei.
- What was that?
- [all] Yes, Sensei!
I can't hear you!
[all] Yes, Sensei!
[rock music continues]
[music stops]
[man 1] All right, lay it on me.
So the show would be set in Hill Valley,
alternate 1985.
We need Wilson, Thompson, and Zane,
and we got the green light.
Billy's a friend.
Did an art piece for my foyer.
It's an easy call to make.
I feel like why not get Crispin too?
Maybe Mike to direct?
- We can blow this up.
- [man 2] This is gonna be amazing.
- [waitress] Here you are.
- Gracias.
[upbeat music plays in background]
Kids are chomping at the bit
for the All Valley.
Yeah, it'll be here before you know it.
That... That reminds me.
I was thinking that
maybe it'll be good for Anthony
to enter as Cobra Kai, you know?
It'll be probably good for him
to have a neutral sensei.
Hell yeah. Works for me.
The kid's really coming into his own.
And I was thinking
that Devon could fight for Miyagi-Do.
She could use a little more defense.
[Daniel] You got it.
Hey, I've been meaning to ask you.
Ever get one of these in the mail?
Yeah. It's a property tax bill.
Didn't I already pay taxes when I bought?
Yeah, you did, and you're gonna have
to pay that bill too.
Are you serious?
Yeah. It's no different than your
business tax that you pay for the dojo.
I'm gonna introduce you to my accountant.
- What, is he gonna send me a bill too?
- Yeah.
I'm gonna go drain the main vein.
Don't order without me.
[fly buzzes]
[poignant music plays]
Hey, wouldn't a fly swatter be easier?
Man who catch fly with chopstick...
[fly buzzes]
...accomplish anything.
[poignant music continues]
Hey. Hey, hey! Mr. Miyagi, look!
Look.
[chopsticks clatter]
[Mr. Miyagi scoffs]
[Mr. Miyagi] You beginner luck.
- [buzzing continues]
- [poignant music continues]
We'll always have the memories.
[buzzing continues]
[poignant music continues]
[music stops]
[upbeat background music resumes]
Got him.
No mercy.
[closing theme music plays]
[music fades]